Is disgusted by...
Hates...
Weeps tears of joy for...
Breaks down laughing at the thought of...
Is worryingly obsessed with...
Spent all their money on...
Has asked the Church to forbid...
Has asked the Church to demand...
Has formed a society based around...
Has led an expedition to...
Once enjoyed...
Has recently picked up...
Demands someone to explain to them what all the fuss is with...
Has forbid the mere mention of...
Commissioned several murals of...
Sentenced convicts to...
Named their new yacht...
Disowned their child for the child's becoming addicted to...
Is hopelessly addicted to...
Has challenged any takers to a contest of...
Has started a scandal by...
Has completely ignored the issues of...
Got drunk and admitted to...
Firmly denies that they have ever...
Is hosting a costume ball themed around...
Suffers nightmares about...
Wants advice on how to go about...
Tossed someone out of a window for daring to malign...
Hired bards to sing the praises of...
Is trying to quit...
Divorced their spouse to spend more time...
Wandered into the desert with the intent of...
Demanded that any honest man would never stoop to...
Stole a carriage to go...
Has paid people to stop...
Has demanded, against ancient tradition, that they be allowed to...
Carved a statue of themselves...
Has never even tried...
Is ignoring the obvious solution to their current problem, ...
Gives up all hope for the world when they think about...
Turns into a panda whenever they try...
Has been cursed by a witch to ceaselessly wander through the forest, ...
Loves their spouse, but more so, ...
Used magic to make 100 people go...
Got drunk and went...
Spent all their inheritance on...
Might start a war over...
Tattooed themselves with scenes of...
Ceaselessly talks about...
Ran 40 miles so as not to be late for...
Wears their finest clothes to...
Believes in the Gods but more so in...
Doesn't even understand...
Pays good money for people to compete at ... for their amusement
Found an ancient urn, worth thousands, depicting...
Insists that it is a genteel pursuit to...
Is causing trouble for everyone by...
Sees it as unseemly to...
Frequently enjoys...
Is enraged by...
Is saddened by...
Got sick while...
Broke their foot while...
Died while...
Proposed to their true love whilst...
Is terrified by the prospect of...
Believes it is a grievous sin to...
Nearly started a revolution while a nobleman was...
Clapped a man in irons for trying to...
Is only ever gladdened by...
Fully intends to kill their rival, making it look like an accident that occurred while they were...
Has changed their main pursuit to...
Denies claims that they ever..., despite solid evidence
Has a long history in their family of...
Was nearly assassinated while...
Explodes with fury when others ask if they intend to...
Is enchanted to slowly levitate into the sky should they ever try...
Has ordered a local noble to stop...
Is haunted by the ghosts of those who died such that they could...
Has cured themselves of a terrible illness by simply...
Arose from the grave when they heard their relatives were... instead of attending their funeral
Wrote long and vivid books on the subject of...
Will not so much as get out of bed until they...
Rises bright and early to...
Trained several hawks for the purposes of...
Breaks into song and dance randomly to distract people from their habit of...
Says they would rather die than...
Dreams of...
Has no appetite on days when they haven't...
Hired adventurers to...
Hired a wizard to help them with...
Built an entire facility dedicated to...
Used slaves and prisoners for...
Threw themselves into a lake after a long day of...
Hosted a banquet in celebration of their successful quest of...
Frequently boasts about how good they are at...
Demands that nobody but themselves be allowed to...
Prays to the gods for success in...
Recommends that pregnant women try...
Firmly believes that ... is extremely classy and romantic